expose the executor java worker classpath parameter to user (#201)
oap-project/raydp: doc/spark_on_ray.md

ds = RayMLDataset.from_spark(..., fs_directory="hdfs://host:port/your/directory")
```

### RayDP Executor Extra ClassPath 

> As raydp starts the executor, the classpath of jvm will be the absolute path by default. When you run ray cluster on yarn([Deploying on Yarn](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/yarn.html)), the jar files are stored on HDFS, which have different absolute path in each node. All above will cause the jvm cannot find the main class. 
> 
> So, you can specify the extra classpath when init spark by configure `raydp.executo.extraClassPath`. Make sure your jar files distributed to the same path(s) on all nodes of the ray cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As raydp starts the java executors, the classpath will contain the absolute path of ray, raydp and spark by default. When you run ray cluster on yarn([Deploying on Yarn](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/yarn.html)), the jar files are stored on HDFS, which have different absolute path in each node. In such cases,  jvm cannot find the main class and ray workers will fail to start. 
To solve such problems, users can specify extra classpath when` init _spark` by configuring `raydp.executor.extraClassPath`. Make sure your jar files are distributed to the same path(s) on all nodes of the ray cluster.
```
